[AKARI]
Sorry to bug you guys again,
but remember when I asked
for your help
with that one dude?
Well, I've got a new target.
This feels last ditch,
but ya girl needs
some divine intervention.
Mama can read this man
like a book and the book says
they were deep into
some hanky panky.
[AKARI gasps]
I'll do all that I can.
Please, just help a sister out.
[SHIORI sighs]
Good grief.
I can't go an hour
without remembering it.
If Akari really isn't special
to you, show me something.
A side of you so hidden...
even your wife doesn't know.
Why'd my dumb-dumb brain
make my dumb-dumb mouth say
such dumb-dumb things?
At least it happened
at the end of the trip.
That was a lot,
and I kinda panicked.
It was super special.
You were my first.
So, uh, was that
the same for you?
[JIRO]
Uh! Well, I mean...
[SHIORI] Our kiss in the
nurse's office wasn't his first.
So that's that.
I tried not to see it,
but now it's so obvious.
Jiro's wife always has
been and will be Akari.
Does that mean I'm just
his childhood friend
and nothing more?
If so, yucky!
I'm basically a homewrecker.
[SHIORI] Jiro? What did
that kiss mean to you?
Cause for me... Oh, Jiro.
[JIRO] Aw, crap.
What am I supposed to do?
[JIRO]
Huh? The hell?
Why?
[SHIORI]
I am so sorry.
As we grow up,
being your childhood friend
won't be enough to
keep me in your life.
[JIRO] Aren't games supposed to
be an escape from real life?
I still can't believe
she kissed me.
And she didn't even
seem to hate it.
For me, it kinda felt
like that was my one shot.
Like if that moment
had been perfect,
this love I've held onto
might become something real.
I guess it wasn't
perfect though.
Beside a barrage of apologies,
"let's head back"
was all she had to say.
What did it mean to her, and
why kiss me just to apologize
for it? You're supposed to
go on dates and fall in love
and confess and
hold hands and then
kiss when you're ready.
Why did we jump straight to it?
And what was she talking
about when she said
being childhood friends
wouldn't be enough?
What am I supposed
to do after all that?
If I had more points
in the lady skill tree,
I could probably answer that.
But, big shocker, I don't.
Guess I'll just have
to bury my sorrows
in junk food and manga.
[JIRO]
I didn't realize this was out.
Excuse me, ma'am!
Oops, sorry!
[BOTH yell]
Ha, what a coinky-dink. Hiya.
[JIRO]
Hello. A coincidence indeed.
[laughs] Why so formal?
[laughs nervously] Sorry, you
caught me off guard is all.
So, why are you here?
Do you really read manga?
Not me. I went to the shop
next door for some notebooks
and my little brother asked me
to grab this for him. So, yeah.
So, Kenta's into this stuff?
Mm-hm. He wants to
see you, by the way.
Uh? He remembers me?
Mm-hm! He's always curious
whenever I bring you up.
You really talk about me
to your family?
[SHIORI] Uh-oh, looks
like this is the last copy.
Here. Take it.
Uh, thanks but I'm good.
It's all yours!
Please, I have more shopping
to do after this anyway.
Come on, for Kenta.
There it is. That sweet side.
Uh? Say something?
[SHIORI] Mm-mm!
Not a peep. Thank you.
[JIRO] What a relief!
I'm lucky I ran into her.
Now the term won't
start on an awkward foot.
Well, this sucks.
It looks like a passing shower,
but I'm with ya.
Happy summer break to us.
I guess you didn't
bring an umbrella?
Nope. Maybe I can buy
a cheap one somewhere.
[JIRO] What am I supposed
to say, "see you next term?"
Jeez. Get it together, me.
This is an actual chance to
solidify some future plans.
Or maybe not. Think,
brain, think! Words!
Um...
Hey, wanna come to
my place for a bit?
My training dorm?
Huh?
[SHIORI] It's super close to
here, and I'd like to talk
a little more, at least
until the rain lets up,
if that's cool with you.
Are you sure?
Well, I don't have anything
super fun prepared,
but it's a good chance to talk.
If you have the time,
please come.
Yeah. I have plenty
of time today.
[SHIORI]
Wait here for just a minute.
Gotta make sure
it's nice and tidy.
[JIRO]
My hands are all sweaty.
I hope I don't smell
like a locker room.
--[door creaks]
--[gasps]
You're finally home!
Come in, dear.
[JIRO]
Uh...!
Ha! What a weird joke.
Apologies for that.
Well, uh, please, come in!
Okay, that much I can do.
[SHIORI] Not super homey, huh?
The school kept it simple.
My place is the same way!
Same stuff, too.
It kinda feels like I'm at home.
May I sit next to you?
Uh! Of course! It is your dorm.
[JIRO]
That smells incredible.
Is it fancy?
[SHIORI]
I mean, uh, I guess?
It wasn't exactly
super cheap or anything.
Classy. That's cool! Just the
thing I'd expect from you!
[SHIORI] Wait, he meant
the coffee not my perfume!
I'm a stupid, stinky baby!
[JIRO laughs] The gods
smile upon ya boi today!
I haven't read a single
word of this manga
and I don't think
I'll be able to,
but who needs manga
at a time like this?
Her outfit is innocent and
sweet, yet still so attractive.
Look at her perfect hands,
I wish I was that book.
And how does she smell
so freakin' good?
She's tiny, except
where it counts.
I could swim in those eyes.
Huh?!
What's up? Do I... have
something in my teeth?
Not at all!
I was wondering
what you're reading.
Ah, that makes sense.
It's a novel called "Hello
Summer, Goodbye."
It's super neat.
You can borrow it sometime.
[JIRO]
Cool, thanks.
[SHIORI]
Excuse me for just a moment.
[JIRO]
Uh, sure.
[SHIORI] When our eyes met,
my brain went to mush.
Maybe I was too pushy
inviting him over here.
Is he bored?
What if he wants to leave
but doesn't want
to hurt my feelings?
Did I mess up so bad
that he hates me?
[JIRO]
Oh great, does she hate me?
She must think I'm a weenie
who can't take the lead.
But come on, cut me some slack!
I'm alone in a room
with the girl who kissed me!
I don't think I'm a freak
for being a little freaked.
Shiori has never been what
I'd call the assertive type.
So, the fact that she kissed me?
I'm allowed to be happy
about that, aren't I?
It might be good to sit
down and talk through
what happened,
at least a little.
--Jiro!
--Oh, yeah?
--Look outside!
--Huh? No way!
[SHIORI]
It's a double rainbow!
Whoa, that's so intense!
I've never seen
anything like it!
How lovely!
Let's take a picture!
Get in, I wanna
capture this memory!
If you want me to...
Smile! Here we go!
That turned out pretty!
Double rainbows
are supposed to bring
happy times, you know.
I'd like something
happy to happen.
That's kind of
an awesome picture.
Could you send it to me?
Of course!
Cool, thank you.
Let's see...
[JIRO]
Is this it?
The moment that we
take the next step?
Hey, so-- Uh?
[SHIORI] Check it out!
You're in this one, too!
I'll send it to ya.
Look at all our smiling faces!
I really love this picture.
It captures what
good times we had.
[JIRO]
Uh...
I think I cut you off.
You were about to
say something, right?
Huh? Uh... That's weird,
can't remember.
Jeez, what a trip.
[SHIORI]
Mm-hm!
[JIRO] I tend to run from the
romance stuff because I just
don't get it. Which
feeling is friendship?
And which feeling
is something more?
They're my emotions,
so why are they such a
freakin' puzzle to me?
I had the chance, so why
the hell didn't I say anything?
Shiori has been my dream
forever, but for some reason...
[phone vibrates]
[JIRO]
Must be Kamo.
Sorry dude, I'm in no mood
to deal with your crazy.
Bro, what could you
possibly want? Akari?
Well, that's a surprise.
It's been like half a month.
[VOICE]
Ba-bump.
Don't you "Ba-bump" me, heart!
I bet she sent this to
everyone in her phone.
Kill me! I freakin' hate this!
Why am I being such a weenie?
It's just Jiro!
[JIRO] Wha--?! She wants to hang
outside of the practical?
She can't be for real!
Points aren't even
being counted right now!
Is this a scheme?
I'm gonna fall face first
into a booby trap
and not the good kind!
We're going somewhere
that's not the grocery store?!
What if she tries to make me
her weird sugar daddy, pay pig.
Or worse! She's just teasing me
for the ten billionth time!
That's it. That's gotta be it!
[JIRO]
But if she's serious about this,
and is inviting me
out as her friend,
it would be rude
to turn her down.
Do I go? I already
said I was bored.
What the hell do you wear to go
out with a full-fledged gyaru?
[JIRO]
Ten minutes early.
A white tee-shirt
was safe, right?
I hear the internet never lies.
Is she still getting ready?
Or is she standing me up?
It's almost time...
Big shock.
She's nowhere to be seen.
I knew this would happen.
I'm out.
[AKARI]
Jiro! I know, I know, I'm late.
It lowkey took me, like,
years to get ready.
I ran to the station, but I
forgot my phone and had to run
all the way back.
I'm sorry, dude.
[grunts]
[AKARI]
Are you, like, pissed at me?
Uh?! Uh, no. I'm not.
To be honest, I doubted
you'd come at all.
[AKARI]
Huh?! And why's that?
Jeez, gimme a break!
Think about it,
we don't normally
do stuff like this
with just the two of us.
I couldn't really
see it happening.
You dumb-dumb.
I even told you it was a date.
I got all dressed up and crap.
I wouldn't just waste that.
Speaking of, you like?
[JIRO grunting]
Say words, idiot nerd!
Well, uh...
It's not like the stuff
you usually wear.
[AKARI]
And...?
[JIRO] And it's certainly
new and different.
I think this kind of
style is, uh, really nice.
[AKARI]
Thank you. I'm glad
because I picked this out
especially for you.
I know you, and I know that
you're into fits more like
this one. I mean, I don't just
have this kinda stuff on hand.
I had to go and buy it special.
[JIRO] Wha--? Is she saying
she bought that for me?
[AKARI laughing]
[JIRO gasping]
[AKARI]
No time for chit-chat!
I have like a million
ideas for today!
So, let's hit the town, yeah?
[JIRO] Huh? What the hell
is going on here?
So many options! Figured out
what you're gonna mack on?
Huh? I'm so confused.
Chill out, you should get...
[JIRO] Is this a trap?
What angle is she playing?
Bet you didn't even
know about this café.
No, I did. We saw
an ad for it on TV.
You told me that it was one
of your favorites, right?
Yeah, you remembered.
Give that Ex-choco
good-good a try!
Chug, dude! Drink that shiz!
Tasty?
Yeah! Delicious!
For real? It's not
too bitter for you?
It's a little bitter,
but it's still great.
Lemme try!
Aw. Gimme.
Oh, fine.
Bleh! Too bitter!
Yeesh, tough guy.
Yo, I know that face.
You're thinking about how
that was an indirect kiss.
No, er, uh, yes.
Don't. When you get
embarrassed, so do I,
especially when it's
about junk like that.
[JIRO] Huh? Wait a second,
has she always been like this?
[AKARI]
So freakin' cute!
Just look at all of them, these
guys could form a small militia!
[AKARI]
I, like, need to touch!
He takes pats like a
dang pro! Good kitty!
[JIRO] I've gotten used to
seeing her smile all cute
like this, but based on
my first impressions,
I never would've seen it coming.
If we hadn't been paired up,
I never would've known
this side of her.
What a polite gentleman you are.
Ah! He's so freakin' cute!
You might've mentioned
that once or twice.
No doy I have because it's true!
Here! You should
give him some pets.
--Okay.
--He's so soft. Right?
Yeah, for sure.
Meow.
[JIRO] Summer break is supposed
to be for playing games
and eating like crap.
But a few normie days every
now and again can be fun.
Really fun, it turns out.
Just a sec. Lemme send that pic.
Sure. Thank you.
Aw! I'll send you this, too.
It's us with our new buddy.
[JIRO] Wha-- When the heck
was that taken?
Probs when that lady said
she was taking our picture.
Dang, a photography ninja.
That picture is kinda funny,
isn't it? It's our family photo.
Uh?
Look, the cat is
like our baby, see it?
That would make you
the mom and me--
Uh! I, uh, just meant it has
similar composition, so--
[JIRO]
I'm a creep!
[laughs] I see it now,
that's hilar.
[JIRO] Huh? She isn't
calling me a perv?
I wish he could be our
little practical pet.
For sure. Me, too.
We'll just have to go and visit
him again. Date two, yo!
[JIRO]
Is there no secret motive here?
Did she actually plan all this
just to hang out with me?
Up, right? Isn't that
where your ticket gate is?
Yeah! You?
Down. But it's fine.
Sorry. You're off course.
[JIRO]
Don't be. My course is close.
[AKARI] This feels
sorta weird, doesn't it?
We usually go home
to the same place
but now goodbye
really means goodbye,
for a while at least.
[JIRO]
Yeah, weird.
[AKARI] I mean, that's how
it'll be for good soon, huh?
I'll be big lonely.
Ha! J-K-ing.
I forgot to buy a charm
at the shrine!
A charm? What kind?
Uh, later!
Huh? Hey! Wait, Akari!
Slow the hell down, I'm sick
of chasing you! Come on!
Oh, hi. What a happy surprise.
[JIRO]
Shiori?
Yo, what's up, girly?
Look at you!
I guess you must've
been out shopping.
You guys, too?
Yeah, that's right!
I figured this nerd
would be in desperate
need of some sunlight.
So, I invited him to hit
all my fav places with me.
That's fun. Headed home now?
[AKARI] Yup! I just need to
hit the shrine real quick.
Gotcha. Oh my gosh.
Remember the time we ran
into each other there?
[AKARI]
Oh, yeah.
You know, I was about to go
and pay my respects myself.
[gasps]
Could I maybe come with you?
Race you there!
[JIRO]
Huh? What the--? Race?
You're on. Full speed! Let's go!
Huh?
Hold, please.
What? I, uh...
Mine, too?
I'm never gonna
understand women, am I?
Ready?
[BOTH]
Go!
--[GIRL] Got it!
--[BOY] Here!
[SHIORI, AKARI panting]
[SHIORI]
Oh my gosh, you're super fast!
[AKARI] You're pretty dang
speedy yourself!
[WIFE]
Goodness. What's happened here?
Is everything all right, ladies?
Yes, sorry we
worried you, ma'am.
Just a little friendly
race, that's all.
Is that so? You gave us
quite the scare.
Right. Jiro, dear?
Yes indeed.
[BOTH]
Mm? Jiro?
[WIFE]
Come, now.
If you don't pay attention,
you'll trip and fall.
[HUSBAND]
Jeez...
[WIFE]
I won't carry you. Let's go.
Seems a lot like our Jiro.
[SHIORI]
Yeah, he really does.
[JIRO panting]
Awesome, now I'm
confused and sweaty.
[AKARI]
Put your whole heart into it!
[SHIORI]
Will do!
[JIRO] Apparently,
this place has made
all sorts of romantic wishes
come true. I wish...
Thank ya, dude! But now
it's rockstar chef time.
[JIRO]
Cool. I'll get outta your way.
[chopping]
[JIRO] Actually, let me
help you with dinner!
This looks awesome!
Well, no doy.
[JIRO]
Do I get a ketchup message?
[AKARI]
Yeah, that's like the best part!
You do it! I'll guide you!
[JIRO]
Ah? Oh, jeez.
[AKARI] Go like this,
some up here, and voila!
Omurice fit for a Jiro! [laughs]
[JIRO]
Don't tease me.